# Marina's Monument

The adventurers made their way through the Gottrison mine and into the Ruins of Berez. As they stepped out into the swamp they met a woman named Murial. She was an old woman sporting a raven skull on her head and her cloak was adorned with raven feathers. She told them that she had been keeping an eye out for Davian to see if she could find any clue as to whether Baba Lysaga had stolen the gem. When the group mentioned the card reading, she told them about a ruined mansion in the swamp and they made haste for the mansion.

Whilst walking down the path through the thick fog they came across ruined homes. There they met some curious creatures. A Flumph and a Pixie, the Pixie was attempting to heal the Flumph, and whilst she struggled the group healed the Flumph. She then introduced them to her "Daddy". A mighty black dragon who lived in the marsh protecting the creatures within. He told them how harsh the swamp could be, and that he had been badly injured by Baba Lysaga and hence stayed away from her if possible. He told them to be wary of the scarecrows.

They carried on and came across a scarecrow, Xerus attempted to burn it down but it proved stronger than he thought. It started screeching and chased them to the mansion, at the same time throughout the marsh screeching could be heard echoing in the fog. They quickly silenced the scarecrow and approached the mansion as the screeching died down.

They met a ghost named Ulrich, he told them that Berez was taken over 500 years ago when Strahd came and conquered the land. Centuries passed, and Ulrich fell in love with a woman named Marina, but Strahd came and took her away turning her into one of his brides. He cursed Ulrich for falling in love with his bride, not allowing him to feel happiness for eternity. He longed to see Marina one last time, if they could help him find peace but doing this he would tell them where a powerful weapon lay which could help them thwart Strahd.

They quickly set off to get Ireena, she had been kept safe with Mordenkainen in the mines and she made her a mansion of her very own. When Ireena approached Ulrich he broke down into tears of joy, lifting the curse held on him. He told the group where Marina's monument was and they would be able to find the item there. Then he faded away, at peace.

The group, accompanied by Ireena approached the monument to the west. When they got there Ka had been waiting in the shadows, looking for the weapon he was commissioned to find all those years ago. he announced himself saying that he knew it was nearby but that he needed to find it. The monument held a striking resemblance to Ireena. Together they pushed the monument aside and found a holy symbol underneath.

Suddenly several creatures rose from the marsh. Every time one was killed it burst forth a swarm of giant poisonous snakes, some of which struck Ireena almost killing her. The group, with the help of Ka, quickly finished the snakes off and brought Ireena back to life. She was not herself shouting "Get out of my head" over and over. They took her back to Mord to rest. Whilst this happened Ka disappeared into the shadows, Dwight hadn't claimed the weapon but Arty had so far as he was concerned the race was still on.