# The Wedding Dress

The gang made their way up the hill to the abbey. The Burgomaster, Dimitri, and his wife, Anna, came along, concerned for the well being of Krezk and their need for a diamond. The Abbot took them to the graveyard. Standing in front of a grave, he held out the diamond. It floated whilst he started chanting a spell and turned into a bright light scattered on the grave. The ground rumbled, and a boy rose from the grave, young Ilya, Dimitri's son, who had only died recently due to disease. As Xerus looked into the boy's eyes, he could see no soul within, though this didn't seem to matter to his parents, who were delighted to have their boy back.

The Abbot turned to the group and told them that he would lift the curse off of Ireena, but to do so, he would need a wedding dress of high value. Once the curse is lifted from Ireena, Strahd would know and attack anyone responsible. Instead, The Abbot would dress the bride he had been making for Strahd, Vasilka, and try to convince him to marry her. If nothing else, this would buy the group some time and take action against Strahd before he could take his revenge on them.

The group could not find anyone in Krezk who owned such a dress or could make one, but Anna told them to head to Vallaki, where they could buy one. They met a half-elf named Estra. She owned a dress and asked for seven-thousand gold pieces for it, not something the group could afford. Her counter-offer was to trade the dress on any evidence they might have the Rictavio was not who he claims to be. They decided to take her out for lunch whilst Dwight snuck into the shop to search for the dress.

Dwight scowed the building but could not find the dress. He did, however, find where she kept all her money, a trapped chest with a thousand gold pieces inside. After being gassed by the box, he took the gold and left. Meanwhile, Xerus and Gorek tried their best to get Estra to tell them why she was so keen on ousting Rictavio. She claimed it was to reveal him as a threat to The Seven and perhaps have him exiled from Vallaki.

As she left the Blue Water Inn, Dwight swiped the keys from her pockets to the shop. He also spoke to Urwin, asking whether there was any news from the Keepers of The Feathers. He said the Strahd had been seen making his move on tunnels near the castle. Estra returned not long after, frantic looking for her keys. Dwight managed to convince her that if they could find the keys for her, perhaps the dress could be sold for a thousand gold pieces. She agreed to this trick. Dwight revealed where the keys were and when they got to the shop she was shocked to find that all her money had been stolen. The sneaky wood elf, Dwight convinced her that there was no foul play and bought the dress with her own money.

When the group returned to The Abbot with the dress, he was thrilled with its quality. He told them to return to the shrine in Krezk with Ireena at Dusk when he would perform a ritual to lift her curse and her bond with Strahd. He also warned them again that Strahd would be aware that the tie had been lifted and that they would need to move fast if they didn't want to suffer his wrath.