# My Name is Van Richten

After the battle at the Wizard of Wines Gorek came with the family. The mess and carnage were rife. Urwin was happy that his winery was still intact. He told them about the sorry affair that their business was in. Three gems had been stolen, these gems fed the land and the grapes would prosper no matter the time of year or condition of the weather. He suspected that Baba Lysaga had taken one of the gems, his son who lives in Vallaki, Davian, was on watch the night of the theft and was found asleep. Another gem was stolen by the Druids who reside at Yester Hill, these Druids worship Strahd and stole the gem on his orders. The last gem went missing 10 years ago, the same time Davian's wife was killed and no one is aware of where the gem is now.

Gorek brokered an agreement with the old man. If they found the gems then they would receive 2% monthly profits for each gem, on top of that if they could prove that the mine could be used to move vasts amounts of wine quickly and safely then he would give them another 2%. So the adventurers took the last of the ale to Vallaki to prove that it was achievable.

When the group returned to the Blue Water Inn Urwin celebrated. They were now able to sell wine again and everyone would be able to forget about their worries once more, while these barrels lasted.

During the celebration, Xerus and Arty saw me sneak off and unbeknownst to me follow me. I had made my way to a Stockyard where I keep many of my possessions when I am not living at the Blue Water Inn. When confronted by Xerus and Arty I then had to confess that my name is Van Richten, the renowned vampire hunter. I came to Barovia to slay the most fowl and dangerous vampire I had ever heard of, Strahd von Zarovich. To my dismay, I was not strong enough to take him head-on. So I decided to stay in the village of Barovia and protect the villagers, but it was taken over by many foul beasts and curses. Instead, I focused my attention on Vallaki, I decided to hide in the shadows and keep an eye out for vampires and protect the people where possible. It has been too quiet for some time and I told the group that I suspected more vampires would arrive. Perhaps even Strahd.

## The Knight and The Knave

I told these two young gentlemen to go to the Stockyard, I stayed behind to keep my cover as Rictavio a secret. If Strahd ever found out who I was I am sure I would be killed where I stood and I wasn't about to make it easy for him. There they met Toothy, my sabre tooth tiger, who I had raised as a cub. She is quite harmless unless you are Vistani where should tear them apart. They also found many items which I use in my trade, some garlic, salt, holy symbols, holy water and a silvered sword.

Afterwards, the two went to the town square in order to meet up with the baron and baroness and organise their performance for the festival the next day. They met Ireena who seemed to be struggling to look after the baroness and her Ludacris demands. It would seem her plea for help hit deaf ears as they did nothing to help the poor girl.

## The Assassin and The Builder

Meanwhile, Dwight had snuck off to finish his job for Davian. He snuck into the winery and narrowly dodged being seen by the elder brothers. He crept upstairs and found Urwin labelling bottles for mead, the machine was loud and masked any sound Dwight made. As Urwin was finishing his last bottles Dwight dashed to both sets of stairs and poured some oil of slipperiness on the top of the stairs, then he waited in the shadows for his victim to fall. Urwin, carrying a large crate of glass made his way downstairs and slipped. He went hurtling down the stairs and all the glass smashed around him, his body lay on the floor motionless, lifeless.

It was not long after this when Gorek arrived with the horse and cart from the delivery to Vallaki. He attended the old man, though it was all for nought as the man had died after hitting his head on the stone floor. Elvir signed an agreement with Gorek to secure the trade deal whilst Adrian attended to his father, mourning for him and attending his funeral.

It was now that Dwight revealed himself and he and Gorek decided to investigate the mine some more before returning to Vallaki. Using Holdenbeich's hand they made their way north through the cave and came across two metal soldiers. They told them that what lay ahead was the king's tomb, and only a true Gottrison would be able to prevail over what lies ahead. As the two made their way forward they found an alarming number of traps lay before them, each more lethal than the last. They made their way slowly, disarming what they could and avoiding everything else with the aid of the skeletal compass. Gorek got to the king's tomb and found that it contained the last words of the king. He wrote down that there was a weapon named "The Axe of the Dwarvish Lords" and that any dwarf who could assemble the axe would be able to take the thrown and be the ruler of not just the Gottrisons but also the dwarves throughout all the lands.

## The Metalman and The Dragon

Arty and Zordar made their way to St. Arnal's church in Vallaki. When they got there the priest was in desperate need of help. Someone had stolen his sacred treasure, the bones of St Arndal which keep the church safe from Strahd. Arty and Zorder spoke to Milivoj and after failed intimidation, they eventually persuaded him to confess, he had taken the bones and given them to Henrik van der Voort, the coffin shop merchant. He was currently not himself and needed protection, Milivoj thought this would be the best way to protect him. Arty and Zorder went to the coffin maker's shop to retrieve the bones and save him.

When they got there the building was boarded up, no light could get inside. The building reeked and was started to become ruined with neglect. When the two banged on the door Henrik told them to go away. They had other thoughts and broke in. Henrik said that there was a vampire nest that, during the night, would charm him and suck the life out of him, forcing him to go and get maidens to quench their thirst. He also told them where the bones were, upstairs.

The two went upstairs and found the bones hidden in a bag, but also the horrifying sound of decaying evil. Hidden in the shadows lay four vampires, Arty and Zordar fought them and struggled until they broke open the shutters and when the sunlight filled the room the fiends stood no chance and quickly turned to dust.
