# The Last Gottrison's

In front of them was a pit that filled with skeletons. Arty descended Gorek into the pit and he was overwhelmed by both a powerful force sensation and the sadness from his kin being piled into a hole in this mine. Arty could tell that the pit was some kind of illusion, but no one was brave enough to take on the skeletons.

As the adventurers made their way north in the mine they heard footsteps and a soft glow. A tall dark woman was stood in the room, in one hand she held a book and the other a ball of light. She was stood over a skeleton on the floor. The skeleton turns its head to the adventurers alerting the woman of their presence. I have met Mordenkainen in the past, however, the retelling of this encounter was nothing like I knew her to be, she was always level headed, calm and composed. When the group spoke to her she was torn, talking to herself and others in the room as though they were there. Getting any information from her was difficult. Zordar held the first clue, the cypher had told him about a person who had placed a spell on it and that it was a mage who blasted lighting at the lake to lure in fish. Mordenkainen's memory was fragmented, she knew she had been locked in the mine after uncovering a door but couldn't remember what happened in detail. Arty tried several spells to try and recover her memory but to no avail.

Their attention quickly turned to the skeleton who lay on the floor. She spoke and said her name was Rhiannon, and that she had been murdered by the last of the Gottrissons who lived in the mine. The mad mage had been disposing of skeletons in an attempt to make sure that the mine was safe to live in, this was her skeleton which was not completely void of life. Rhiannon said that the darkness in the mine was her curse and that in the dining room four cursed beings had been kept alive but stationary until one of them confessed.

When everyone gathered around the dining table, dragging Rhiannon on Xerus's back, they uncovered the foul truth of the last of the Gottrisons.

Teirdlebach was an artificer and kings advisor, he was in charge of creating the doors to lock Strahd out when the battle for Barovia started over five hundred years ago. Under his chair, Gorek found a key that Teirlebach claimed would open the tomb of their great king Medraut who had stayed behind to be with the last of those who wished to stay in the mines. Whilst he didn't get along with Rhiannon, owing to his artificer ways and manipulating items, he held no grudge against her.

Sindri was another dwarf sat at the table, he was not a fighter but a gambler. He was in love with Rhiannon's brother Bret and scorned Rhiannon for trying to keep Bret locked in the mine with her. In turn, he gambled against Bret with his life in place of Bret's at a rigged game of dice. Rhiannon hated Sindri for this, her hate also fueled him as he would bully both her and Bret when they were younger. Both Sindri and Terdleback claimed to be working in the kitchens preparing a meal when the murder had taken place.

The group found a deck of cards at the table, some of which were covered in blood. They asked Sindri about them, he claimed he would never play card games since he was not intelligent enough to win. He always gambled with dice, and he gave a box on the table as evidence. It was a golden box, inlaid with Celtic knots and filled with golden dice. The lid of the box said `For Sindri, I hope these bring you joy and luck in the mine whilst I won't be able to. Thank you for saving me from being trapped down there. Forever yours, love B.`

This left two more dwarf skeletons at the table. Brennas was a hardened skeleton, he held two battle axes which he would never let go of, and over the years had decayed and become part of his skeletal form. Brennas was married to Rhiannon and told of how he would spend his time duelling with her, learning about magic from her and just holding her in his arms (axes and all). The other was a woman named Morrigan, she wore some of the most exquisite armour anyone had ever seen, and she sported a Greatsword that was taken care of and was polished daily. She confided in Arty and told him how she was in love with Brennas, though she didn't want to get in the way of his marriage.

Whilst confronting Morrigan the cards fell on the table, and a note dropped from her gauntlets which read. `Brennas, I have been in love with you ever since I first met you. If there is any chance that we could be together, perhaps if Rhiannon had passed before you, leave me a sign. I fear that if I am rejected then I will have to kill myself as I would rather be dead than never be with you.` Arty realised that the red blood on the cards made a pattern and spelled the word `YES`. The confronted Brennas who claimed that he only said yes to stop her from killing herself. The group were torn between Morrigan and Brennas as to who the killer was. When they asked for their alibis Brennas said that he was busy by himself, where as Morrigan had gone to confront Rhiannon with the letter and the cards. This was the decisive piece of evidence they needed to convict her.

Morrigan had confronted Rhiannon about the letter and the cards, and when Rhiannon refused to believe. Morrigan came back later took her greatsword and stabbed her in the back. As Rhiannan was falling to the floor, not knowing who had killed her, she placed a curse on the mine and it was sunk into eternal darkness. Morrigan confessed her crimes, Rhiannon lifted the curse and everyones souls were freed, the darkness lifted. However, flames engulfed Morrigan and her soul was taken down into hell.