# Entering Candlekeep

It was a bright and sunny morning as Cloud, Florian, and Timagast made their way up the coastal shore to Candlekeep. They were all given a letter to enter Candlekeep and told to join up with Firewatch as they started their initiation.

They showed their letters at the gate, and a halfling with a fluffy white beard named Pittacus greeted them with much excitement. Pittacus showed them the Bath and Steam House where they could rest, conduct meetings and maybe even gain temporary magical benefits from salts, massages and tattoos. Next, he took them to the Smithy and Stables where they could get almost any equipment they needed, the stables were house to horses and rare creatures such as Hippogriffs, and there was an opportunity for them to get a pet as a companion. He took them to the Temple of Oghma, I have spent much time here learning the teachings of Oghma, and it is a tranquil and holy place where anyone of any religion is welcome. The first floor contained many rooms, a kitchen and a dining room into the House of Rest. At the back of the House of Rest was a staircase that would climb infinitely high with as many rooms as required. There was also an out of order lift were a man, who spoke incoherent sounds, attempted to fix it. They came to The Hearth, a wonderful and warm tavern filled with people who would talk, eat and drink and often come here to study in groups. In the centre of the room was an Ogre named Little One. He wore a headband he stole from a halfling that he killed, and it gave him vast intelligence, now he spends his time greeting people in The Hearth and joining in with their debates about all topics of life. He mentioned the Pittacus that Matreous hadn't been seen for over a day, unlike him. Pittacus said they would drop in and see him in the Pillars and make sure everything was OK. The House of the Binder can get copies of texts or buy spell scrolls to take them out of Candlekeep. Pittacus showed them a grand door named the Emerald Door where those who were granted permission would be allowed to enter into the great library where all the books of Candlekeep were stored. Erudite Outfitters & Clothiers was where they could go and get clothing repaired or made, often with magical properties.

Pittacus took them to the place he was responsible for, the Pillars of Pedagogy. The endless towers were filled with rooms that could be booked for study, and each room would have a silence spell on it and all the facilities needed for analysis. Pittacus took them around and went to find Matreous. When they entered his study, they saw no one. All of his possessions were there, and on the table lay a book. Pittacus looked worried and told them to stay there, and he would see if anyone could help him find Matreous. The group investigated the room and read the book on the table.

The Joy of Extradimensional Spaces. On the book's cover, a picture of the famous magician Mordenkainen. It was rich with details about his spell named "Mordenkainen's magnificent mansion", and as Florian read the book allowed to everyone he said the word "sceptre". Suddenly a door appeared before them, with light shining in from behind.

The group opened the door and stepped inside. When they walked in, a man rushed to greet them. "Thank the gods that you came. I was beginning to think I would never be able to leave. I am Matreous. Let's get out of here. It isn't safe to hang around." He pushed them out of the way, and as he stepped through the door, it shut tight behind him.

They tried the door, but it wouldn't open. Venturing forth, finding an Arboretum where something invisible would giggle and poke them, so they went into a dining room. Florian sat down on a chair, which bit him and instantly knocked him out. The rest of the group attacked the mimic chair, and after burning it and killing it, they realised that the house was more dangerous than they first thought.