# Regrouping in Krezk

*Date:* 2022-02-26

After being separated from the mines, the group gather again in Krezk to cure Ireena of her curse and prepare to head out to the Amber Temple.

* [object Object]
* Gorek, Xerus, and Zuleika are given a key by Ezmerelda and told that there is a tower that belonged to her surrogate father, Van Richten, that they could clear out and use as a place to keep Ireena safe.
* They find the tower and learn that an anti-magic shield protects it. At the top of the tower are books explaining that Van Richten used the tower, known as Kazahn's Tower, to learn everything he could about Strahd. They make a new friend, a suit of armour, named Kora. They took Van Richtens detailed map and notes on Barovia.
* When they leave the tower, Ku-Quar has tracked them down, full of vengeance and out to kill Xerus, who replaced him. The small group easily defeat this undead Lizardfolk.
* [object Object]
* Meanwhile, Godfrey, Ireena and a dwarf Cempou head to Tser Falls and camp with Madam Eva and the Vistani. Madam Eva makes another card reading and gives an insight into Strahd's plans. Strahd's plans can still be stopped before they unfold. (See appendix "Second Card Reading" for more details)
* Madam Eva told Godfrey that the only way to destroy Strahd was to attack his heart, which he locks away from everyone in his castle.
* Sedring, the dragon Godfrey summoned, comes back and tells him two things. First, everyone is heading to Krezk and will be there soon. Second, a Drow leaving Castle Ravenloft is on the path nearby.
* Godfrey sneaks up on the Drow, Rahadin, and attacks him. He manages to capture his Nightmare horse in an Iron Flask and learns the Rahadin hates Ireena and wants Strahd to make him his heir. He doesn't care if Ireena is killed. After Godfrey is almost killed during the fight, Rahadin charges off to the Amber Temple to cut the group off, more interested in killing Kasimir.
* [object Object]
* Whilst this is was happening, Zordar, Dwight and Mordenkainen ran down the mountain above the Amber Temple to rest at Dwight's windmill.
* The children have been very busy, selling pastries and other baked goods to all of Barovia. They tucked into some pastries that the children made and found themselves drifting off to sleep.
* They found themselves and an under dark nightmare. A hag approached them and explained how she was the girl and that the windmill was cursed and started turning her into a hag. One day the two children got into a fight and she pushed her brother who fell and died. She took him to the Amber Temple, hearing that it could bring people back from the dead. When she accepted the Dark Powers, she was consumed by the darkness and became a hag, her brother awoke, now a vampire.
* The hags abilities grew, and she discovered how to control the amber eye. She was able to see inside the castle.
* Her brother had also grown in power. He studied the teachings of a cult known as the Osybus, who used to reside in the basement under the haunted house at the start of the group's adventure. He planned to take over the thrown from Strahd once the group had killed him.
* The two of them proposed that if the group let them live, and continue to make pastries from human flesh, that they would provide valuable information about Strahd using the hags amber eye.
* They agreed to the terms, now realising they had just eaten human pasties.
* The hag told them that Pidlwick III was a naughty puppet who would be a great ally to them. He knows every nook and cranny of the castle, so long as they ignored his harmless pranks, he would help them to navigate the castle expertly.
* She also mentioned how Strahd had already come back to his full power, that the only way to defeat Strahd would be to destroy his heart, the Heart of Sorrow, which resided at the top of the tallest tower in Ravenloft.
* One of her insights into Strahd, she warned them of, was his ability to move around the castle through the walls instantly and that they should always be looking over shoulder.
* The last piece of information she gave them, Strahd knew about Ezmerelda's plan to sneak into the castle and steal Patrina. However, Patrina isn't a vampire. She is a wraith. Patrina had been sending lies via raven to her this entire to lure her and Kasimir into a trap and kill them both.
* [object Object]
* After the group gathered in Krezk, The Abbot led them down a well to an underground shrine. Here he performed a ritual that summoned the ghost of Tatyana from within Ireena and Prince Sergei. He performed a wedding, and they thanked the group for bringing them back together. Sergei told them that there was a powerful book atop his tomb in the crypts of Ravenloft. If they used it wisely, then Strahd would be weakened, and they would be able to withstand his full strength.
* Ireena now remember everything. How her and her brother Izek had escaped Strahd and that Izmark looked after her whilst Izek was rescued and given a patron by the Burgomaster of Vallaki. That Strahd had attacked her three times before they met, leaving a curse to control her. This was how he took control of her in the mines, using her as a conduit to charm Mordenkainen and open the mines to Strahd.
* After leaving her in Kazhan's tower, Cempou explained that he was in charge of keeping the Beholder at bay and use its power to morph the mines and make them accessible. When Mord had started the defence system, there was no way he could stop the beast whilst it raged on. He thanked them for saving him and upgraded several items, including Zordars Greataxe and Godfrey's silver shortsword. He left them. He needed to prepare the entrances of the mines and lock them up again before he could enter the mines. He hoped that he would cross paths with them, and perhaps the rightful heir to Gottrison mine would reveal themselves in time.
* They set about to find cold-resistant clothing. Dimitri, the burgomaster of Krezk, told them that a hunter had not returned from the mountains for several days, if they find him then he would likely have some items they could take. When they found him, he explained that the Elk and wildlife had dissapeared from the mountain recently, if they help him hunt he would give them several items that he had at his home. Suddenly a Yeti, with an elk antlet lodged between its teeth attacked them. They made short work of it and found its cave, inside there was a hoard of gold proividing everyone with 100 gold apiece and plenty of meat to take back to Krezk. The hunter gave them a ring of warmth, some winterlands boots and cold resistant armour.
* Everyone rested up and planned to go with Kasimir to the Amber temple in the morning via Tsolekna Pass, the quickest and safest route to the Amber Temple.