The Book of the Raven is the firsthand account (written in Common) of an anonymous author who, after falling off her horse and breaking her leg, was rescued and befriended by Vistani travellers who graciously nursed her back to health. The author and her horse travelled with the Vistani for three months, during which the author spent most of her time laid up in a Vistani covered wagon, where she took to writing this book to pass the time. Although a dozen Vistani is colourfully described in the tome, only two are mentioned by name: Drasha, a teenage girl who applied bandages and poultices to the author's wounded leg, and Darzin, a one-armed boy with a terrible fear of wolves who sang beautiful songs to help the author take her mind off the pain.

The book provides a detailed account of the Vistani way of life, emphasising their food and music. Their overland journey is also discussed, albeit from the viewpoint of one who spent most of it inside a covered wagon. The author describes rough roads, days of travel through the impenetrable mist and thick forest, crackling fires on cold nights, wolves howling in the dead of night, and ravens pecking at the roof of the wagon in the wee hours of the morning.

Late in the book, the author writes of hobble about on crutches. She describes the cheery mood of her benefactors as the Vistani caravan travelled a winding mountain road to the gates of a tall, dark castle. The book ends with a description of the castle's dreadful countenance. The writing abruptly stops, suggesting that the author snatched the book in midsentence. Several pages have been torn out of the book.