# Chapter 10 - Reclaiming the Windmill

Tired and battered the group decided to march on to the windmill which Dwight had the deeds for. As I followed their trail I found the very same hilltop with magical monoliths that the group had found. Somehow these things allowed magic from outside of Barovia in, however faint it was very comforting to me. It was here that Xerus brought everyone into his ring. They entered a small cottage where Xerus had spent years hiding away from the terrors of Death House. It was safe in this ring, and the party decided to stay the night, confident that no evil would approach the monoliths outside. Whilst they rested here Xerus's patron, an Efreeti approached. He told everyone to stay and enjoy themselves, that he would take care of them whilst in the ring he also explained that he could hear everything from within the ring. Efreeti proposed that once they had dealt with Strahd they should visit him again in the ring and he would take them to his living quarters to dine with him.

When they awoke in the morning the party decided to make their way to the windmill. They found the windmill to be dilapidated and in need of repair. Several ravens greeted the team and warned them not to enter, the party did not head their call and Dwight entered the building, underfoot the crunching of human bones grated on his teeth and a foul smell came from the oven.

A crackling voice called down, telling them to buy some pastries or leave. Dwight called back that he now had the deeds to the building and he wasn't leaving. From a barrel came a loathsome fiend knew as a Dretch. They quickly dispatched the creature, but not before its putrid stench filled the room. They charged upstairs to see a hag, but on closer inspection, it was a Night Hag, her name was Moragahahena the leader of the coven. They took her out quickly and charged upstairs were her two sisters were waiting in the dark.