# The Locked-up Doctor

Arty and Zordar used the cypher scroll to cast a spell of greater restoration upon the mad mage. She was immediately crippled with agonising pain in her head as her mind was reforming all the thoughts which had been torn from her and manifested in hallucinations. She took them to the rotting hole in the mine filled with skeletons and holding out her hand a magnificent mansion formed before their eyes. The skeletons were a powerful illusion to hide her home under the mountains. As she opened the door and turned to beckon everyone in to talk she collapsed in a depressive heap on the floor. Instantly the doors shut tight. The group rested here for an hour whilst they investigated the mansion, the door had no handle and no way to open it. They could sense that the mage was still alive and well but perhaps it would be some time, maybe even a day before she would wake. Since time was pressing against them they decided to venture forth for the time being and head to the Wizard of Wines, if they could find it.

Gorek held the skeletal hand of Teirdlebach in his palm and stared at it for some time. As he thought of the Wizard of Wines a boney finger pointed southwards, he led the way following the direction of the hand. The adventurers came upon a curious room unlike any other in the mine. There were tables adorned with laboratory equipment, but thick with dust and dirt after not being used for centuries. Gorek found a journal, written by Dr Mekal. In it, detailed the five days leading up to the departure of the Gottrison's and pertained to what becomes of those who ended up mentally unstable. Dr Mekal was a Dwarf who cared for such dwarves and found a home for every last one of them, ensuring their safe passage out of Barovia nearly five hundred years ago. However, there was one patient, Griek, who was so unstable that Dr Mekal was appalled by his behaviour. I have since ventured into the mine and found the journal and have attached it here for reading. It is unedited and detailed in full. Some of the contents are shocking and some of the revelations found within would turn even the iron stomach of the demons chefs of deepest depths of hell.

In the back of this room, there was a door, barred from the outside to keep something in. It began to thud violently. After Gorek read aloud the journal the table shoock. A wave blasted those around it and images of Dr Mekal and Griek flashed before their eyes. Griek overpowered Dr Mekal, and whilst Dr Mekal was still awake he carefully sliced his face off and swapped it for his own. It would seem at some point in the journal the Griek took the identity of Dr Mekal and convinced the council the fake Griek was irredeemable. He continued to experiment on the poor doctor and turned him into a monster.

Suddenly the doors burst open, rocks fell from the ceiling and out came the malformed Dr Mekal. The pulse from the table came from a jar with a brain inside of it. The group were split between the two and constantly being held down by detached hands which came out from under the tables. They made quick work of the brain, but the monster before them was immensely powerful. No normal weapon did any damage, Dwight who usually took care of monsters with his bow was at a loss and to frighten to approach but too sensible to run away and leave his friends. When he saw his opportunity he lept forward and took ahold of the monster, cutting the stitching from its mouth. It shouted that it could not control itself. Just as Arty and Godfrey were able to damage it enough, it rejuvenated and came back stronger than before. If it wasn't for the quick thinking of Xerus who held the monster down with his python staff and Dwight who used an old bunsen burned found on one of the lab tables the monster would have overpowered all of them. Godfrey was the only one who fell in battle and was close to death just as the good doctor was slain and his soul laid to rest.