# Finding the Marsh Witch

After retrieving back to the mines and rested for the night before venturing back into the marsh, when morning broke, they walked for hours through the never-ending and thick fog. After walking around in circles, they found Murial again. She told them that her ravens kept an eye on Baba Lysaga and were scarecrows to warn the winery of any threats that might be heading their way. She said to them that the centre of the marsh was the last known place of Baba Lysaga and her creeping hut. As they were talking to her, Arty could sense that someone or something had started following them, though he had no evidence to prove this.

After some time, they eventually found a frail and lonely house that stood in the middle of the marsh, as Murial had said. When they approached, an older woman turned to them. Baba Lysaga introduced herself as Strahd's actual mother and not just the midwife to helped bring him into the world. She was the one who gave him his powers and continued to bring him strength and glory. She told them that she had a wedding gift for Strahd and Ireena. Perhaps they would like to come inside and see it. They heard the cry of a baby inside, and it tore their souls apart, knowing that someone like this had an innocent child captive. Baba Lysaga lept into her house and rose from the ground, and stood on gargantuan roots.

Baba Lysaga was not capable of stringing a sensible sentence and cared for nothing other than the happiness of Strahd. The house attacked, knocking out Zordar and Godfrey and with Baba Lysaga throwing out a poisonous cloud, almost killing everyone else around her. After the two adventurers fell, wolves came from the north, and a werewolf picked up Zordar and ran with him on her shoulders. The wolves stopped anyone chasing after Zordar, though they died during the fight with Baba Lysaga. The group decided to stop Baba Lysaga now before she had a chance to become more powerful as they knew they could catch up to Zordar quickly, thanks to the magic of the Gottrison Mines.