# Chapter 12 - Doomed Mine

They pushed on from the windmill towards Vallaki. On the group came across a curiously abandoned mine. Gorek recommended that they go in and gather as many resources as they could before heading into Vallaki. The abandoned Dwarven mine was used to find precious metals such as gold and silver but also stones such as diamonds. From what I could gather, even before Strahd took over Barovia a group of Dwarves mined this place and during that time they uncovered a monstrous serpent who destroyed the Dwarves and anyone who dared enter would come to a swift death and be slowed digesting in horrible agony for a century before dying. The snake became so large that it was stuck unable to leave and eventually died. Over time the mine was forgotten and the treasure that lay within forgotten.

When the adventurers reached the mouth of the mine two bandits were seen and heard saying that the gold was theirs for the taking. So Gorek chased them in, not to be beaten to the treasure which he felt was rightly his. When they made their way to the end of the dugout cave the sight which beheld them made everyone freeze in fear. On the floor one of the bandits lay in a pool of her blood, the other held into the air screaming to be let free, instead of the monster sunk its teeth into the bandit's neck and drained the life force from him. The torch the bandit held fell to the floor and was instantly snuffed out by the blood gather below the vampire and threw the mine into complete darkness.

The adventurers quickly sprang into action and charged at the vampire, in return summoned a giant snake to fight by her side and it slithered forward to attack. From the shadows, Dwight fired his arrows at the spawn by now realising that his standard attacks, whilst powerful, were not nearly strong enough to take on vampires and Strahd. The vampire spawn instantly recognised Ireena and told her a short tale about Strahd's first love Tatiana.

> Ireena, I see now why Strahd is obsessed with you, you look just like the painting of *her*. Strahd was in love with a beautiful woman named Tatyana centuries past and it was her fate that would seal Strahd's future and the curse upon the land. Over the centuries Strahd took a woman who resembled Tatyana to be his wife, such as myself, though none of us could hold a candle to her beauty and after turning us into his spawn he would discard us like trash. When Strahd glimpsed at you Ireena Kolyana, a young woman in the village of Barovia he felt extreme déjà vu. Ireena, you look exactly like Tatyana! Strahd now believes that you are the latest reincarnation of Tatyana, and thus he seeks to claim you. He intends to kill you Ireena during and turn you into his vampire spawn consort.

With this, she returned the weakened snake to its staff form in her hand then as she fell on the finishing blow cried, "enough time has passed and my master is here! My death was not in vain." From behind them stood Strahd and he immediately went to take Ireena. It was Godfrey however who stood in the way shouting, "everyone look after Ireena!". Strahd, wanting to toy with the adventurers some more, charmed Godfrey with ease and read into his mind and soul.

> Are you a prince, or of noble birth. You have good inside you I can see this and I can hear Helm trying to get in contact with you, but I shan't let him. You remind me of myself before this curse took ahold of the land. You will come with me and I will teach you about this land and return you to your friends, that is if you survive my dungeon.

Strahd swiftly took Godfrey with him leaving everyone in fear of his power over someone as holy and powerful as Godfrey the Guardian.