# Meeting The Abbot

As the sun rose over the mountain, the group found a clear path to Krezk from the werewolf den. Zuleika and her new Hell Hound companion, Fluffy III, joined the group to save her partner Emil from Strahd's torturous grasp. They approached the gates to find two guards. They were cautious of the vicious hound, the village had been attacked by werewolves many times over the years, and it was not customary for dogs to be behind the walls of Krezk. Xerus explained that they had recently sacked the werewolf den and were here to see The Abbot. The Burgomaster, Dmitri Krezkov, came to see what the commotion was.

Dmitri Krezkov's family used to be very wealthy. Hard times meant most of his wealth was spent keeping the people of Krezk alive. Dimitri told them that Wencencia had recently come with a group of people he had saved from the werewolves and that he hoped some heroes would come not long after. He opened the gates and asked that they come to his cottage to have a drink and a chat. Dimitri's cottage was a humble home on the outside, but it was abuzz with noise on the inside. His cottage was open to everyone in the village as they had no tavern or bar. They would come to his home to drink, rest if they needed to, and hold town meetings. As such, the living quarters did not contain much other than essentials.

He explained that not many people went to see The Abbot. All through the night, screaming and shouting could be heard from the abbey, and the bell would toll at irregular intervals. The Abbot would keep to himself mostly, coming to the village only to replenish his supply of wine. Recently they ran out of wine and instead offered some horrible vodka made using the rotten potatoes grown in the frozen ground of Krezk. Zordar took one drink and regretted it instantly being so vile and bitter, but this did not stop the Brawler from having another. Dimitri told them that his sons had all died from disease, and in the cold weather, it is hard to recover when you fall ill. His youngest son Ilya had only passed the day before, and Anna, his wife, was distraught while bringing the group drinks.

A drow in the corner sat with his back to the group. He overheard them talking, and when they turned to speak to him, he told them that if they were going to the abbey and they meet a woman there, if she should trust them, he would very much like to talk to them about his next adventure into the Amber Temple. The drow's name was Kasimir Velikov, and he wore nothing but some trousers and a ring. On closer inspection, it was clear that the ring brought him warmth and did not need clothes. They would only act as a hindrance. The group decided they would find this woman he spoke of since they were heading to the Amber Temple once they lifted the curse off of Ireena.

They made their way to the abbey. When they got to the gates, a horrible creature greeted them. He was a mangled human and said that they needed to follow him if they wished to see The Abbot. He took them into the abbey and on their way they saw a girl, who had also been deformed with wings and in a well another human was residing with gills and claws. They cautiously went into the dining room and found The Abbot attending to a woman who sat silently at a grand table. The Abbot explained that the abbey used to be a hospital but that most people turned mad and were tortured and experimented on, so he stayed to look after them as no one else would. They asked if he could lift the curse. The Abbot in return asked for a diamond worth 500 gold pieces, not 400 hundred and not gems. He was very insistent that it was a diamond worth at least 500 gold pieces. As they spoke, he told the group that the woman the drow said of was upstairs if they wished to talk to her.

As they went upstairs, Gorek pulled back the cover of a body on a table and saw himself on the table but missing its head. He screamed and collapsed in a fit of madness. Godfrey pulled the cover back but saw nothing. Gorek, still frightened of everything, including his own shadow, followed them as they made their way through the abbey. At the back of the abbey Xerus found a room, and images of tortured people flashed before his eyes, and after that, as anyone approached him, he brandished a weapon intent on attacking them. Godfrey found a crow that stood on the windowsill. He came it and tried to communicate with it. He lost his temper and struck the crow. In return, he was cursed and would struggle to attack until the curse was lifted. They finally found a room with a woman sitting reading on a bed.

They explained their situation and revealed that Van Richten was currently in Vallaki. Her name was Ezmerelda, and she was the surrogate daughter of Van Richten. She told them that she planned to work with Kasimir to get his sister back from Strahd. Patrina had been taken by Strahd and was set to be his next wife. Kasismir thought that she had made this decision herself and had abandoned her, after this, Strahd was bored of her and left her to rot in the crypts under the castle. After the death of his daughter, who recently drowned in Lake Zarovich, he decided he would save her. Ezmerelda told them that she would sneak into Castle Ravenloft and steal her from the crypts and that there may be hope. The Amber Temple was where Baba Lysaga used powerful magic to turn Strahd into a vampire, which is why she called herself his mother. Ezmerelda and Kasimir believe there is also the power to remove vampirism and intend to save Patrina. She told them that she was setting off in 2 days, and if they could help Kasimir, it would be appreciated.

The group went back to the cottage to search for a diamond and speak with Kasimir. He confirmed everything that Ezmerelda had said and would appreciate their help in 2 days when he sets off for the Amber Temple. At the cottage, a wealthy man named Stephen Jobs overheard them asking about a diamond. He said he might have a diamond and would be willing to trade it for the right price. Gorek had found a bottle of Champagne Del a Stomp in the abbey, and the moment he pulled it out, Stephen ran back to his house and came back with a diamond in his hand. Before Gorek could speak, Stephen quickly took the bottle and gave him the diamond. Stephen was delighted, the rarest and most valuable drink in all of Barovia was his, and he was excited to enjoy a pleasant night sleep with beautiful dreams.