# Haunting Pastries

After slaying Morgantha, the leader of the coven, the adventurers made their way upstairs. After they rounded the corner Arty took a mighty blow from one of the sisters who were hiding in the shadows and Xerus another from a foul Night Hag hiding in some clothes. It was then that the group discovered the real ingredient in Dream Pasteries was ground children's bone flour, they didn't know it, but this is why the windmill got the nickname The Old Bone Grinder.

The sisters put up a tough fight, even without their leader. With her back pinned to the wall, the remaining sister told the adventurers that if they spare her life she would use her magical eye to spy on Strahd for them, that Strahd left them alone because he was not interested in them. This was not convincing enough for Gorek and Arty who finished the wicked hag, riping her head from her neck and leaving her body to rot on the floor.

Banging and thumping could be heard from the crates in the corner of the room. When the group opened them up, two starved children climbed out. Leith and Lia, now orphans asked if they could live in the Windmill, that they would take care of it and try to make money for the windmill's patron Dwight. Dwight, being a Wraith Raider cared little for this and did not want to be responsible for the lives of anyone, let alone children. He let them do as they please and the only thing he asked was that if he or any of his companions needed the Windmill for refuge that would let them stay, no questions asked. If there is a space in the afterlife for thieves, assassins and criminals then Dwight no doubt had a penthouse there; he didn't know it but this may be the one act of kindness that will stop him from burning in the damn nation for eternity.