# Sour Grapes

Gorek used his crossbow and piton to fire a grappling hook onto the house and stepped inside the house. He found a knocked over crib, and a pulsating green glow grew from under the floorboards.

The rest of the group managed to knock the house down, though for how long they were sure. Then they went on the attack for Baba Lysaga. As Arty stepped inside, she pulled out a squid and spilt its inky black blood on the floor. Large tendrils arose and bound Gorek and Arty in place. They were unable to move or fight as Baba Lysaga lept into a hollowed-out giants skull outside. She screamed that she would bring her gift to Strahd no matter what, and before them, they saw her create a perfect illusion of a baby as she rose into the sky in the magical skull.

Anger fueled the group as they took her down in the sky. She hit the ground, dead. The illusion broke before their eyes the baby was no more. Lykaios, a werewolf, showed up to help the group. He told them about a split between the werewolves and that he was here to help them and not fight them. The group interrogated him some more, though he couldn't find any faults in his story and took him.

Just before they left, Gorek found a gem under the floorboards shaped like a grape. When he took it, the house instantly stopped breathing, and the magic forcing it to move and kill had waned. They also found a chest filled with a large amount of gold and gems and several magical items. Gorek shared the gems and gold among everyone as a reward for killing Baba Lysaga.

They went back to the mine to rest. Gorek made his way to the Wizard of Wines and handed on the gem to Elvir. Whilst he agreed to adhere to the contract, it was clear that this man was greedy and selfish. Elvir would sooner tear up the contract than part with his gold, but he had no choice in the matter if he wanted to survive in Barovia.

When morning broke the group made their way to the werewolf den in the noth through the mines. As they had anticipated they arrived long before Zordar and the werewolf carrying him. They decided to scout the area and look for a way in. Whilst they were scouting they found two werewold guards at the entrance, but they did not raise an alarm.

They climbed the mountain and what looked like a fighting put, filled with bones and spears all on the floor. In the side of the mountain they found a secret door. They setup a trap to slow anyone down who might be coming out to attack them. Just before they went in Gorek took out World Builder, the hammer givent to him by the Spellworkers, and using the spears on the ground created a wooden statue of each of them to act as a decoy if anyone should come outside whilst they snuck in.

During the night Zordar was brough back to life, but he was tied and bound. As he kept coming in and out of conciousness he overheard the werewolves mentioned they had finished their hunt in the marsh and had now captured someone else outside Vallaki. They dumped a body next to him on the ground and he recognised him as Periwimple, the idiot who worked in Barovia village. Zordar was incapable of doing anything to escape, instead putting his faith in his friends that they would save him.