# The Madhouse

The Burgomaster's mansion in Vallaki is home to the Vallakovich family, of whom I have had the pleasure to meet. The baroness, Lydia Petrovna, is seen as a cox-comb in Vallaki. She is often holding tea parties for the ladies in Vallaki and running charitable events for the needy. The irony is not lost on the citizens that her charitable work is to help those who are in need because of the baron. Baron Vargas Vallakovich is often seen looking after people and attempting to raise morale through weekly festivals, despite this, he can be cold and cruel. The baron will have anyone locked up if they do not follow along with his inane traditions and accusing them of being in league with Strahd or conspiring with Strahd's allies. The adventurers quickly picked up on this and soon realised that even though attending staff were probably as mad as they baron and baroness were as well.

Izek brought everyone to the mansion to introduce the Baron to them. The baron pounced at the opportunity for help and ordered everyone to help with the upcoming Festival of the Blazing Sun. The baron remembered Xerus as a performer and was quite fond of him, Xerus promised a performance of gigantic proportions. The baron also brought up an investigation the Izek was working on, the lady-in-waiting and the butler were missing with no trace. Izek requested everyone help him search the mansion since he had already investigated all the "obvious" places (by this he referred to the stockade and the Blue Water Inn). They gladly accepted and searching around the mansion.

Whilst this was going on, Izek asked the baroness whether Ireena could be the new lady-in-waiting. Izek felt compelled to look after Ireena and this was perhaps the best way he could do so without causing alarm. He would be able to keep a close eye on her and be able to protect her at a moments notice. The baroness agreed, then she proceeded to show Ireena to the servants quarters and to explain to her the many eccentric duties that should be carried out as the lady-in-waiting.

The group made their way upstairs. Together they found a curious mirror and when they said the words "mirror mirror on the wall" a mysterious hooded figure would show up, smiling and occasionally brandishing a knife. It would answer to none of the group. Izek opened a room where a man was being chained up, who claimed he was being chained up by the baron for conspiring with Strahd, though this was not true and his crime was for complaining about the endless and ongoing festivals. So Izek let him free, and as quick as the wind a man in a loincloth fled the mansion before anyone could catch him.

Dwight found a trapdoor in the master bedroom leading to the attic and lead everyone up there. What they found was a shocking revelation. Several skeleton cats pounced out and started scratching at them. Victor, the eldest son of the family and an amateur mage was hiding from them and attacking from behind closed doors. When they made their way into the room Xerus found a book containing information about a teleportation circle. Victor was attempting to make a teleportation circle, leave Barovia and be rid of Strahd and the curse on the land for good. He admitted to being using human subjects to get the circle to work, the people he killed were the butler and the lady-in-waiting.