# The Cursed Encounter

After the adventurers left the Vistini camp they came across a black carriage, drawn by hideous and deathly horses. The doors opened up, Ireena, Dwight and Zordar fell into a daze and had the uncontrollable urge to get into the carriage. They told everyone that Strahd was looking forward to their dinner date and that everyone else should join them. After much debate, it was clear that nothing could deter them from getting out of the carriage so the others decided to join to protect them.

When they arrived at the castle gate they were greeted by a tall dark elf. He said his name was Rahadin and he escorted them to Castle Ravenloft's dining hall. When they arrived the sound of organ melodious filled the air and the person playing the organ turned and revealed himself. It was Strahd, who continued to tease and jest at their expense. When he realised that they had brought Ireena with them he immediately went to her and put her under yet another curse. She told the group that if they let him take her to be his bride he would let them leave with their lives. Arty saw the tears streaming down her eyes and could sense her crying out for help to immobilized by the curse. He reached out and pulled her away from Strahd. At this point, Strahd laughed and the illusion faded.

The group fled for their lives now that the curse had been lifted everyone understood the peril that they were in. Two young Red Dragon's targeted the group on their way out, many of the group were injured but somehow they made it out through the door and outside the gate with their lives intact. They now understood that if the entrance to the castle was home to two powerful monsters that the rest of the castle must be more deadly still.